Ye Ziying
Others dare not kill you, do you think I dare not kill you?
You kill me and I'll give you a hundred guts
Do you dare touch a hair of mine?
Aren't you afraid that rich families will be found everywhere?
Aren't you afraid that the entire southern Xinjiang will be wiped out?
Hahaha, then I want to try it. Do you want to mix?
Yihua, you've done enough
Blame it on us for being powerless
It's no use, hurry up
Go as far as possible
It all seems to be in the building
No power, no fame, no one, happy beauty
Fame is the second job I give you
Hahahaha fireworks
I say your ignorance is flattery
You dare to compete with me, Ye Yang is more powerful than people
You haven't woken up yet, have you?
I am
The power of introduction
That's the top of the summer
This world
Only an identity like the head of the country can match it
That Holy Master of Great Xia
The Lord is above the King
But what does this have to do with you?
Great Xia Holy Master has the way of immortals
Raise your hand to see him waving infinitely
It's a legendary existence
Okay, I'll tell you.
I am the Holy Lord of Great Xia
You are the Holy Lord of Great Xia
You are playing double reed with Qijiazhai
I haven't played enough of the throne of the Holy Lord yet
Monstrous charm
There are only dragons and phoenixes among people like us Ye Shao
He can match it
As for you
humble birth
I'm looking down, left, right.
I never saw that you have this.
The pose of the Lord
But I think you are a bit alike.
Like what pug